### Hi there, I'm Ryan 👋. 

I love solving challenging problems. I am a junior at Miami University pursuing a B.S. and M.S. in Computer Science, a B.S. in Data Science and Statistics, and a minor in Mathematics. I am looking for research internships and would love to connect with successful professionals. Additionally, I plan on pursuing a Ph.D. in computer science with a research focus in simulation or machine learning and would love to connect with current or former Ph.D. students. Please feel free to connect with me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ryan-schuerkamp/), [contact me](mailto:schuerr2@miamioh.edu), or check out my [personal website](https://ryanschuerkamp.com).

After my first year, I interned as a Software Engineer at Joot, a fintech startup, gaining hands-on experience writing and shipping production-grade code. Last fall, I took a master's research course on Network Analysis and Modeling. As a part of the course and CDC-funded research, I analyzed a causal map of what makes adolescents commit suicide. This impactful experience ignited my passion for research. Last semester, I conducted a systematic review of different simulation models and submitted a 30-page research paper to a top computer science journal. Over the summer, I interned at Artisan Partners in Boston as a Quantitative Research Intern, further developing my analytical abilities and technical skills. My experiences and coursework have helped me develop a solid foundation that I will continue to build on in the coming years.

Last semester, I finished my master's thesis proposal, continued my research on simulation models, started two machine learning and computer vision projects, and worked on simulation software for the CDC. I have a love for and demonstrated commitment to research, three research articles under review, and will submit several more articles in the coming months. I am looking for research internships at universities, research labs, or tech companies. Ideally, I would work with experienced researchers to benefit from their mentorship and work on a large project for publication. This experience would be invaluable because I would explore my passion for research while gaining further research experience, making me a stronger candidate for Ph.D. programs and further developing relevant skills.
